God
Lin Wenwen was actually sent to the Olympic Games
Oops, it seems that what Lin Wuwen said is true
What Lin Yaozong said is false
You've been misunderstanding Wei Lun
Brother Lin, thank you
Raised such a good daughter
I asked him, is he excellent?
There's 300 bucks in there.
It is the reward given to Wenwen by the sports school
You take it
Oh.
Thanks.
Lin Wenwen from now on
You are a model for our sports school
The coaches are here
Wenwen is definitely the champion
It's okay, the coach came in time.
Otherwise, good champion
To be charged with doping?
Ben said to marry a
Half-buried dead old man
Which one is not acting?
Say Lin Wenwen is a stimulant?
Lin Wenwen is honest
Study hard and practice hard
He won the championship on his own.
Not at all like some of you might say.
What stimulants to take
Who dares to spread rumors?
Get out of here